now with the beef wellington we're
serving soda potatoes and wilted baby
gem lettuce now you've never eaten
cooked lettuce before you have to try
because it is absolutely delicious hot
pan olive oil and these are the outside
leaves the baby gem the nice big thick
robust leaves so into the pan and
quickly so to them
count beautiful now so date new potatoes
these are part boils that have been bald
for about four and a half five minutes
and then we leave the skins on and just
cut them in half and we part bore them a
to soften them and B so they actually
stay nice and whole and then get some
garlic and some thyme and what we do
with the garlic if you just get the
clove of garlic we don't need to peel it
we just get a clove like that on the
board and just crush so that sort of
crushes boosie's incent the garlic into
the potatoes and then perfumes them and
great for flavor and then into the pan
again nice hot pan now is to get some
really nice color on the potatoes and
then thirty seconds before the defenders
come out of the pan just a little knob
of butter on there so it gives that
really nice golden brown color on the
potato